bpo-38056: overhaul Error Handlers section in codecs documentation (#15732)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2019-09-12-08-28-17.bpo-38056.6ktYkc.rst

> Overhaul :ref:`error-handlers` section in :mod:`codecs` module documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overhaul the :ref:`error-handlers` documentation in :mod:`codecs`.
```
